Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[Music]
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
[Music]
Delta team this is Echo team let us know when it's clear.
Copy that Echo
Ten four
[Radio Chatter]
so you almost have me Walter. I almost feel
sorry for you.
I'm fucking going to kill you. You wait until
the police found out about this.
Do you think the police are gonna believe a hapless crook
like you or a great man like me?
[Radio Chatter]
Alan Parker's got to be in here somewhere.
Hey chief this place looks abandoned. You actually think Parker and his men are still here?
Guys keep looking.
Alan parker we know you're here come out!
You had it good working for me Walter. I took
you in. treated you like family. put food on
your table and gave you a life you never had.
Until you tried to screw it up for yourself
by trying to rat me out!
You sit the fuck down you fat fuck.
Move move move
This is so fucked up. You think Parker is at
one of his other hideouts? I honestly have
no idea where he could be. Parker's out here.
Parker's definitely hiding out here somewhere.
It doesn't look like Parker's here but we
might as well burn this whole fucking place
to the ground. 10-4 copy.
Come on let's go.
You're clearly the enemy here.
And for you
Alan industries is going to blow up too.
You're done Walter.
Don't worry
I'll make sure you're family is good hands
With myself.
Don't you fucking touch my family
Here you go boss.
It's already too late Walter.
No!
Elia
Elia where are you going?
Elia hey what's going on?
I'm sorry but I can't take it anymore.
What's wrong?
I'm tired of being bullied in school Ms. Elizabeth. No matter
What I do or say I just can't fit in. Don't say it like that
what about your friend tommy i just want to
feel normal
Listen to me
You're a really special boy and
i know sometimes some of the other kids are
mean and rude and i'll talk to them but you're
strong and you're resilient. What's that supposed
to mean?
it means that it doesn't matter what life
throws at you you can handle it. It doesn't
matter who it is or what it is. If you follow
your heart you always win. Thanks Ms. Elizabeth.
All right now go get your homework done.
Mom?
[Phone ringing]
You have reached the voicemail of the loud
reaper please give your name a number i'll
give you a call back as soon as I can
[Beep]
[Phone ringing]
Hey bud how are you holding up? I've been better
Tommy. Where are you? About that i'm calling
to let you know that I won't be around for
a while. I got this job I need to take care
of it but I figured i'll let you know. Is everything
okay? My family needs me. I love working with
you but I just need some time to lay low for
a while. Listen if you ever need me for anything
you know that you can just always call me.
I'll always be here for you. I know. I know. You
go take care of yourself Tommy. All right buddy
we'll talk soon. we'll talk soon.
Bye
Breaking news
This just in.
Just moments ago
a local store robbery gone wrong.
The store owner and his daughter were shot to death. point blank.
The police are still on the lookout. They have
not yet located the people that were responsible
for this horrific event.
If you or anyone else witnessed any details or witnessed anything deemed suspicious
Don't hesitate to call us at 1800 Crime Police.
[Music]
One more for the books. Yeah I feel bad about
that girl though.
Yep Shouldn't have walked in. photos all right
though didn't know she was home
how much did we take
about forty? 40k? Not bad for one. Yeah that one. That
one there? The red one? Yep.
I think i'll go for that one right over there.
Purple? Might even just buy it. I'll just take
it from whoever it is.
Hey! Who the fuck? Whoa whoa dude dude dude
no no no no no what do you want what do you
want man what do you want? You guys just killed
two innocent people and for what? No put the
gun down please please. All we need was the
Money man. All we needed was the money. All
you need is the money... It's all about the money.
It's all about the money it's all it was all
about the money nothing personal. What's your
name? Answer me! Marcus... Marcus. What's your fucking
name? Dante ... Dante. Who do you guys work for?
Hey let's calm down. Put the gun down! put the
Fucking gun down! We work for a guy named Ross.
Who the fuck is Ross? That's all we know.
He gives us the job. we do it. that's it.
Please please don't shoot don't don't.
Marcus!
No no no no no no no no
You want to pull that shit on me huh? Huh? You die. I die today we're gonna die huh!
You wanna fucking play that shit?
This will be the last time i see in this neighborhood
you hear me?
Fuck out of here with that bullshit! And as
for you.
This is a message for your boss!
Yeah I need a favor.
Welcome to the Christian morning show. Have
you ever considered Jesus Christ as your lord
and savior? If so it's never too late to repent.
Are you okay son No. Is there anything wrong?
What's the matter? There's a lot going on right
now. Would you want to talk about it? What's
on your mind what's bothering you? Seems like
everything's coming apart.
All I have to tell you is one thing do not
be concerned for anything cast all your concerns
Do not be concerned for anything.
Cast all your concerns
unto the lord. Cast all your concerns all your
worries unto him. For the lord is your shepherd.
He is your keeper. Even if you walk through
the valley of the shadow of death you shall
fear no evil. You have no concerns to be concerned
about. Repeat this prayer after me if that's
okay with you can you recite them with me?
Yes. our father our father who art in heaven
hallowed be thy name I will be thy name thy
kingdom come thy kingdom come thy will be
done that will be done on earth on earth as
it is in heaven as it is in heaven give us
this day give us this day our daily bread
our daily bread and forgive us of our trespasses
and forgive us of our trespasses as we forgive
those who trespass against us we forgive those
who trespass against us. Lead us not into temptation but deliver us from evil.
For thy is the kingdom. The power and the glory. Forever and ever.
Amen. Do not be afraid son for the bible states
that you can do all things through Christ
who strengthens you. The lord loves you I would
love to give you a hug if that's okay with
you because i'm here to care for you just
to express the Godly love that perhaps you
have not received in a long time son. Thank
you. You're welcome.
The lord loves you peace be with you and wherever
you go he shall be with you as well. May the
lord continue to bless your son. Whenever you
need to speak to someone I am here at your
service. Thank you. God bless you. Thank you
so much. Okay. Thank you.
Good thing I got the reminder... Almost forgot to see mama at the park.
Mrs. Danette is that you?
Hi Elia how are you? I'm doing pretty good
you know uh everything uh going quite well
about half the days so uh how are things? It's
it's been so long since i've seen you is everything
all right? Everything's okay everything's okay it's
uh I just can't stop by to see her how's she
doing so far? Well she's feeling a lot better
since the incident um we've been doing a lot
of physical therapy movements and though she
finds it a little difficult at times especially
when it comes to walking. But she'll get better
with time.
She's right down there if you'd like to see
her. Okay sounds good i'll see you right now
okay thank you
Hi mama
Elia oh my god!
Oh my baby boy! oh you're grown to be so big.
I got these flowers for you.
I know you like the uh the good scent for
you to put in your home. Thank you.
So how are you? Doing pretty good you know
just uh not too many big things happening. Everything's
keeping up. So how are things with you uh last
time we saw each other? Well i've been better
I am able to walk with very little assistance
now. Okay that's good.
So how are things with uh Mrs. Danette? Oh she's... nice she's nice.
Do you mind if we sit down and just talk Yeah let's... let's talk.
I got a couple of things I like to say on
my mind that's bothered me.
Do you mind if I help you with the crutches
make it easier for you. Thank you.
I'm gonna hold on to these though
Yeah one step at a time there you go.
It's a nice day today isn't it? Yes.
Oh no what's the matter?
i'm just so sorry mama. That I wasn't there
for you. What do you mean? When they broke into
the house i'm just sorry I wasn't there for
you mama. What are you talking about? I wasn't
there to protect you.
Oh Elia that wasn't your fault. Don't you ever
ever blame yourself for what happened okay?
I promise you mama I will find the man responsible
for this don't you worry about it.
I just realized that I forgot
Late for a meeting I gotta attend to. Is everything
okay? It's something I gotta take care of but
don't worry i'll see you again. You be careful. Take care.
Everything okay?
what happened
He's just like his father. Ah Walter. That's
a good thing.
Listen you don't have anything to worry about
everything is going to be just fine we're
going to get the guys who did this. I don't
trust me I know
It's gonna be okay. I remember him when he
was a little boy he was a fine little boy
then now he's a grown man he's older now you
know he has to make his own decisions live
his own life. So it's okay. Guess what? What?
I saw the face of the guy who did that. It
led me to Walter... I know what he looks like.
I've got his face etched in my mind. So like
said it'll be fine don't worry it's okay.
It'll be okay.
Tommy?
Hey Elia you need to get home right now!
What's going on?
There was just a news broadcast of house of your description being broken into.
No way... Are you serious?
Yes I am absolutely serious.
I was just headed there right now.
If I were you I would definitely start walking a hell a lot faster. I'l ll give you a call back.
Well I could stay with you on the phone?
No just i'll call you back as soon as i'm
done okay? I gotta go... I gotta go.
[Music]
What the fuck
Oh shit! Oh shit!
I'm a kill everybody! Fuck whoever that is you better get the hell out of here because I'll shoot everybody mother fucker!
Oh!
Fuck outta here!
Hell no!
Fuck you!
I finally got you.
Ah! Ugh!
You finally got me huh? Dirty bitch! You there. What? Stay there! Fuck. Right there! Fuck you.
In that spot is where I want to see you. Ah fuck that. Make any sudden movements and i'll blow
your fucking head off! Fuck you. Stay on this fucking chair. Fuck you
you bastard. Fuck you man! Alan parker
was right about you. Who's Alan Parker? you
know Alan Parker... He's the one that killed
your father and that bastard whore mother
of yours! Oh you just don't know kid. Don't
know what? We're just here to get the money
to get the weapons. What weapons? You just don't
know kid the weapons it's been going on for
years now. I ain't telling you nothing go ask Alan Parker... Parker should tell you everything you need to know.
I'm just a worker I don't know nothing. What's your name? What the hell my name got to do with
anything i'm just working! My name is David that's something you need to know huh? Fuck
you.
Fuck you! We ain't done with you. There's more work to be done. The other operation ain't get
hit yet and we still coming after you. You're gonna be the last one i'm gonna get you. Better do what
you gotta do now... You ain't gonna do
nothing. Okay huh huh. My grandmother hit harder than you.
Right huh. I ain't scared of nothing. alright let's see if you'll be scared of right now.
Ah!
How's that feel huh?
Huh! You fucking worm huh?
You piece of shit!
Huh? Fuck me huh?
Is everything okay officers? Not officers FBI. We were dispatched here by the bureau due
to a possible home invasion that occurred
here. well there wasn't any home invasion
at this house... You're at the wrong house It is all right if we take a look inside? yeah
Yeah yeah sure come in.
Is this door closed? That's my roommates room he is out of town
Do you mind just stay still it makes me a
little nervous thank you. Nobody else live
with you beside your roommate? No nobody else just some family upstairs. Finish searching
down here while I go check upstairs if you
don't mind? That's alright.
So sorry for the inconvenience you know we had the phone call. We had to come to check
it out so I hope you have a good day. You too. Thank you and apologize for any inconvenience.
No problem.
What do you think? Nothing... the house was clean.
we checked it out. no signs of struggle. Nothing
like an altercation happened that would indicate there was a home invasion. Well Mark what the
Bureau gonna say now? The deputy won't be so happy we come back with empty hands. Fuck them
we tell them the truth. We didn't find anything... that we're empty-handed so they'll have to
deal with it.
I think we need to keep a closer eye on this guy though he gave me bad vibes... see what i'm
talking about. Wow he just check us from the window.
Do you think the bureau hired some extra people to help you with this type of case? Like yourself?
Huh... what about the new guy what's his name... Luke. Is he any good? I've seen him around. I
don't know him I haven't worked with him yet... but actually he has been assigned to this
case. So later this week I get to meet him
and work with him He has to check some locations
out for me going forward we'll see how he
works out. Sounds good... Sounds good.
So for your first assignment today together...
Mark and Luke I need you two to check this house
and find out what's going on. There have been reports of drug activity in this house and
if you find out any useful information I need you to report it back to the bureau
immediately.
we'll take a few surveillance photos of this
guy i don't understand what he's doing
going to the trunk for something
he's got a black bag. It's look like a body
for me... What you think? Definitely looks like
a body. So do you think we should move in on him now?
let's follow him
should I take the shotgun?
You think we should be going in on him now? No we wait until
he gets to his final destination then we stop him.
supposed to be where he goes who knows?
I don't fucking like this place... Come on then.
Who are you?
You think you're in a position to ask any questions?
listen you don't have to do this... down!
play time is over
You like that huh?
I will take you out one way or another...
Give your best shot.
this is what happens you don't complete your mission.
you're going down
There's one thing you're missing...
I'm going to deliver you to the maker...
One thing you're missing though...
What's that?
I am the maker.
Take this one for size.
That shit where you said I was gonna meet my maker... Wrong answer motherfucker!
I'm not gonna say it again... Who the fuck are you? We all have questions unanswered. I'm gonna give you
to the count of three... One. Okay I'm affiliated with Alan industries. Who sent you here? I was
sent out here to kill you by Zakovich Ross.
That's not the first time I heard that name
around here. Why is he trying to kill me? For the shit that you did at the docks you moron
Where's your boss at? He has a warehouse out there in east New York. With the amount of
men protecting him you'll get nowhere near him.
[Laughing]
What the fuck's so funny huh? You think i'm a fucking clown? I already know all about you. I was
there. I witnessed your father's death. No this can't be... this can't fucking be .No it's not
possible it can't be! Oh yeah now I get to
witness your death live. Move in... move. Drop the
guns put your hands up in the air put the
gun down now
Get down on your knees! Do it now!
Drop it right now go
wait
Oh shit!
Get back get back!
Shit... There's people all over the place Mark come on let's go Mark... Mark!
Wait
Get down Mark... Mark!
Oh shit!
God get up man! What kind of field training were you taking?
Get up
Move
Fuck these guy's are? They are fucking everywhere.
Fucking hillbillies live in here. That's irrelevant man... What do we say to the boss now? We tell jack
the truth been shot. We were shot upon. we're in a heavily wooded area we don't know how many people
are watching us how many suspects whatever
is going on here
Look here he comes.
One job you both have one job and you come
back with nothing. I apologize Jack things
happen all the way too fast we got
ambushed . What do you mean happened just way
too fast? You're the goddamn FBI for crying out loud. You're just supposed to go in and
get the job done. It won't happen again. You're damn right it won't happen again because if it
does i'll put you both on administrative leave with detrimental conduct. You'll be pushing papers
until your fucking retired.
and where the hell is your partner Mark by
the way? Did he not think it was a good idea
to come back to work today? Unfortunately he cannot make it today he has some affair family.
Well next time you see his ass you tell him
I said not to bother to come back to work
anymore if he's going to give me the results you two are giving me now Okay? uh this will be
your new partner from here now into your partner Mark and his life in order he's new to the
team but he's very reliable right Frank? Hell yeah.
Frank do me a favor please escort these
two guys out of my office? Will do.
What the hell are you waiting for? some secretary to bring you coffee or something? Well that's not a bad idea. Get the
hell out of here!
what the hell happened to you guys out there
i'm telling you friend we were ambushed and
Jack doesn't believe us. I should of shoot this motherfucker. So what do we do now? Listen all you two really
need to do is stay low for a while and make
other detectives do the heavy work for now
before you get your asses in even more trouble okay? okay.
Take my card in case you two need me. Thank you frank.
Stay out of trouble.
what a character right i'm surprised he still has his job the way
he talks to his people
by the way nice joke. What do you think that was a joke? In this case my man you know my partner
and I we haven't been watching this guy for a while now but he got away all the time what
do you have on him so far?
It's not enough the last time we saw him he was a dumping a fucking body bag
and flew away. Do you have any evidence? It's not really that much to you know to really
nail this guy. Well what are we waiting for then? Let's go bust this guy. I like the way you think.
you know what not for nothing after everything
i've been through hardships misfortunes defamation
of character through lyinge stealing deceitfulness
cheating humiliation extortion and practically
everything else to the above what a child
should not be experiencing unfortunately this
child had to experience it this child had
to be put into harm's way this child had to
suffer this very fucking day of seeing his
mother over there that's still having a hard
time
financially speaking physically speaking emotionally
speaking just everything else you could have
imagined what could go wrong with somebody
and I cannot believe because of the lack of
your competence that you abandoned us you've
abandoned us man how could you do this to me how
can you do this to us man do you have any idea
what it's like
to be able to see your mother on the floor
in the house
with blood everywhere covering the walls covering
the furniture and here you are you're a kid
you're just a kid coming from school and then
walking to a shit show and still to this
very day
I suffer that you just have no idea how much
that haunts me how much that exit me how much
that pounds in me
how much that makes me feel likes shit
makes me feel like a nobody
sometimes most of the times I feel like a
nobody
feel like nobody loves me nobody gives a damn
about me except my best friend and it's just
it's tragic
it's very tragic
it's very tragic when I have to do things
out of my own free will that I was forced
to do because I had no other fucking choice
because I don't have a father to love but
I have a father I can look up to I don't have
a father to be able to guide me to
to simply do what's right in front of everybody's
eyes
or what they say the goodie two shoes that's
a good boy that's a good son but no there's
none of that fucking shit I didn't have that
shit I didn't have that not coming from you
you look where you're at right now buried six
feet where you fucking belong but one of these
days i'm gonna find out what you did I'm going to find out who you really are because I just
don't know who you are I only seen glimpses
of you from what I remember but I don't know
who the hell you are I wish I knew and i'm
gonna find out who you are and when I do find
out so help me god that i'm gonna find the
answer that i've been looking for all my entire life.
I'm gonna find the answer.
I guess to say that we part ways I don't think I wanna ever fucking see you again has no good
impression on me has not been a good image
on me
and honestly yes yeah this is it I'll see you then
maybe soon probably never
[Library Ambience]
I'm an associate in Alan Parker Industries
i'm stuck here
walter was right
Alan is a backstabber
He's making weapons
And if you see this video you have to do something
or people will die
Luckily I don't think anybody even... Get him!
Hello? Tommy Tommy... I finally got the guy. Whoah what guy? The guy who is responsible for hurting
my family I got the guy Tommy. Okay okay slow down Elia who is it and how do you know him
for sure? Yes this is the right guy Tommy. dude... a freaking thug broke into my house and when
I finally got my hands and hurt that son of
a bitch he told me everything. He told me
who's responsible for hurting my father... for hurting my entire family. I can tell you right
now I did my research on this guy and his
last whereabouts are unknown. Holy shit and
what's his name? His name is Alan Parker... apparently this guy was involved with some sort of illegal
biological weapon of war and the crazier thing is that he had a son who helped him out back
in the day. Shit Elia is his son alive
too? So what you gonna do? Well what i'm gonna do?
His son is alive... his name is John Parker. we need to find him and kill him. Well what are
we waiting for where should I meet you? Meet me up at the parking lot near our old high school
but at first I need to take care of some business. Do you need any help? Actually if you don't
mind I need a quick favor... How much do you need to send?
Millions.
[Music]
Who the hell are you? I know this fucking guy... this fucking faggot lipped. shit eating
cock gobbling motherfucker! Is the guy that fucking beat my ass at the pier the other day. I like your jacket
Mary Poppins. Which one of you bastards is Zadkovich Ross?
Elia... Elia you funny motherfucker.
You're a funny guy Elia funny guy... You think you're gonna come in here with that little kids R'US
gun and we're supposed to run around supposed to be all scared? I can take him. got this
I got this.
You know what smoke this fucking clown. Whoa... and you were saying?
I have a couple of ieds strapped to my chest... if any of your men try to pull some
shit behind my back. look into my direction or even fucking breath! I'll take you all down
with me. Okay okay okay settle down... Settle down. Let's talk about this What do you want? that's 10 million
dollars in the case. If you want it you need to kill John Parker . Kill John Parker he says fucking asshole... Holy shit.
Oh yeah? What am I supposed to do? Easy... send a contract offer him the money but don't allow him to
see the contract until he accepts it first.
and if I do that all this money's mine? Once the contract is completed the money will be yours
And how am I supposed to do that? Create the contract... Allow him to sign it without him even knowing
that he's signing his life away. He's never
going to receive the money because he'll be dead!
You know what there's a problem with that. And what's that? Last I heard he's got a partner...
That's all I know. Set them up... create the contract as a hit against each other. Whoever kills
the person first receives the 10 million dollars in this bag but that's when you come in and finish all the dirty work.
When you and your men kills whoever survives the money is still yours.
Ross... You can't be serious. If Alan finds out we're all dead. You know what Alan's not gonna know
anything just so long as you boneheads keep your fucking mouths shut. Screw this... you guys end
up dead that's on you i'm outta here. so what are you waiting for?
Call him now!
Relax... relax... relax.
Hello? Listen listen... I got a contract for you and your partner exclusive... exclusive.
but I need to know right now if you're interested? Who's asking?
My name is Zadkovich Ross but you can refer to me as Ross.
My cartel runs this city
but unfortunately there's been a fucking problem.
So once again I need to know if you're interested right now?
Who do you want dead?
That' not something I care to discuss over the phone
unless I know that you're down and do this
for me. How much we're talking here? 10 million
dollars. Okay let's do it. It's done...
Oh yeah one more thing... One more thing? Where's John Parker's hideout in case you assholes don't keep
your end of the bargain. You know you're a real fucking piece of shit. That wasn't even part
of the bargain? I'm about three seconds away on blowing this whole fucking place up! relax bro
you need to get fucking laid... damn. Last I heard he was at like what I think it was 225... 225
Louis drive. Some shit like that. Some fucking bullshit. 225 Louis drive you'll find him there. Now get
the fuck out of here!
What the fuck? Fuck this motherfucker...
Mama?
Mama where are you?
God dammit!
Yeah man this hitman thing... It can get a little overwhelming you know? yeah no I totally understand
that. Back at the warehouse... that was something right? Oh man don't even get me started I don't
know how we made it out of there alive man
but i'm just glad I had you bro thank you.
Yeah man we kicked Ross's ass bro. You think they're gonna find Ross's body back at that
office?
Not a chance.
Hello? Give the phone to John Parker now.
John...
I think it's for you.
I am calling regards of a new potential contract. Okay... I'm listening? Listen the man I have my
wager is not a man to be trifled with. See
you soon. Hello... hello? I can still hear you
breathing on the phone
Hello?
You think he's one of Ross's people?
To be honest with you if they're calling my
phone it could be anybody. How could they even find Ross? I don't fucking know bro but let's
get the hell out of here.
Breaking news. this is just in. A body found by an abandoned warehouse in Farmingdale long
Island has been recovered just moments ago... According to DNA evidence it appears to be
a man by the name of Zakovich Ross who was a head leader of a drug trafficking ring. The
police and the FBI are still on the lookout
we've never committed this horrific act but
according to the people of this town this
horrific killing may have been an act of
justice. Wanna go outside? Hold on I'm getting a phone call... You ready? come on let's go.
Hey Levi what's going on? John this is important we need to talk do you have a minute? Is this
about the other day? Yes and I think I may
have found out who it was that called us. So
who is this guy? Listen I have a ton of stuff to share with you at the moment but it's best
that we meet in person. What do you have in mind? 225 Louis Drive...
225 Louis drive? Levi we haven't been there in like three years are you sure everything's
okay? This is getting a little weird right
now. You gotta tell me what's going on. Trust
me once you find out for yourself it will
explain everything. See you in an hour John.
You have arrived at your destination.
I got you now you son of a bitch!
Why are you running away?
You like killing people's families huh?
Who the fuck are you you piece of shit!
You're a dead man!
Fuck you piece of shit.
Fuck you. you cock sucking bitch!
Fuck!
You're a dead man.
You're not going anywhere.
Fucking piece of shit!
Fuck you!
John Parker
Where are you John
Do you really think that hiding from me is
gonna handle your troubles? I don't think so!
Maybe my father was right about you. you crazy son of a bitch!
enough with the mind games just allow me to embrace your death!
Come out show yourself already God dammit! I'll make this quick for you.
You're going to regret this!
You like sabotaging peoples families huh!
Screw you screw your family!
I'm going to end you John Parker!
Fuck you!
You're dead now asshole!
Whatever my father Alan Parker did has nothing to do with me...Fuck you. your family and everything you stand for!
We could of just talked about this.
You destroyed my family motherfucker!
There's no escaping now motherfucker!
So that's it huh? You're gonna try and kill
me over whatever the hell my father might
have did to your family? All right asshole I'm gonna show you what the hell I got...
This is the end of the line.
You picked the wrong fucking guy... I don't even know who the fuck you are!
I know everything about your father...
Alan fucking Parker
and the only thing he had left to remain
was his only begotten son
but I think uh
it's time to say our final goodbyes
This one's for my father!
This one's for my mother!
This one is for you!
how'd it go? Tommy... it's done.
All right I'm on my way now.
[Music]
Hey Parker yeah it's me Levi... Hey remember that deal we made? Yeah motherfucker it's time and
I want mine. On my way right now so get it
fucking ready.
It's time to get me my new fucking toys.
[Music]
I didn't teach you to become a coward.
Your head belongs to the family.
I'm here to take i4t back.
Ladies first.
[Music]
Get on the ground! Get on the ground! Get on the ground I said get on the ground! Get on
the ground!
I got your six girl.
Copy.
Motherfucker!
Let her go... Let her go! Is it fear our courage that keeps you going agent?
We got a cop killer...
What is their name?
Dominic Bane.
[Music]